what is up guys rook hackus here and
this is the easiest way to get iridium
in the game so this is such a simple way
and I feel like such an idiot for not
showing you guys this sooner
but it's something that's so easy you
just kind of forget about it and if
you're not doing this this is definitely
the best way to farm iridium in the
entire game so what it is is you just go
into normal difficulty with a high level
character you can't really do this with
a character that is in the normal
difficulty you want a really high
character to do this and you simply go
you have to have the tiny Tina's assault
on Dragon keep DLC and you simply farm
the raid boss dragons now to do that you
do have to beat the campaign I had to
beat it again actually to start doing
this because I hadn't beat it on the
normal difficulty but it's really easy
if you're a high level then in case you
don't know you go to mr. torgue and you
get the Raiders of the last boss quest
and then you just go do the lair
infinity and you do it and you kill the
dragons since your guy is gonna be like
level 7200 60 whatever he is it's going
to be incredibly easy to do this once
you do though the amount of iridium that
you get is astonishing I went into this
with 272 iridium I came out with 350
that's 78 urania how uranium your
iridium 78 iridium in one farm in and it
took me like from the start of when I
like went into the Dragons to killing
them like two minutes and the first time
obviously does it take a while had to
beat the campaign and stuff but then you
can just start saving and quitting
you're going to be getting around 78
iridium every time that is so much
iridium and it's totally legit to this
it's not cheating at all gearbox isn't
gonna ban you for doing this so again
really simple a lot of you probably
already know this but for those of you
who don't this is the easiest way to get
iridium and it's just it's staggering
how much iridium you get hope you guys
enjoyed this video remember to rate
comment and subscribe and as always have
a good day
you